This guide includes a lot of technical words that you might not be
familiar with.  I realize that unfamiliar words are annoying, but I
find that using precise words makes it much easier to describe the
sometimes minor differences between taxons.  In addition, seeing the
concepts behind the words should your understanding of the underlying
biological concepts.

To that end, the guide includes multiple glossaries that define word
and phrases that apply to specific portions of the taxon hierarchy.
Many of the glossaries also include figures to help illustrate the
concepts involved.

You can find a glossary page using either of these methods:
. type the name of the glossary in the search bar
.. start with the word "glossary" to restrict the search to only glossary pages
. click <a href="html/general-glossary.html">this link</a>
.. the top of the page links to a hierarchy of glossaries

You can find the definition of a particular glossary term using either
of these methods:
. type the glossary term in the search bar
.. put the word "glossary" after the term to restrict the search to only glossary pages
. click an underlined glossary term wherever it is used in the guide

When you navigate to a specific glossary term, that term and its
definition are highlighted in yellow.  Consider also checking out any
related words in the same glossary section as well as the associated
figures.

Most terms are defined in dedicated glossary pages, but some terms are
defined directly in a taxon page, especially where the terms are used
only for a single genus.


<h3>variations of terms</h3>

Many terms recognize simple variations, e.g. "flower", "flowers", and
"flowered".  Although these variations aren't listed explicitly, they
are recognized during search and are linked from wherever they occur
in the guide.

A few terms explicitly list variations that are less obvious,
e.g. "hypanthium (hypanthia)".


<h3>multiple definitions</h3>

Many glossary terms are defined in multiple glossaries.  E.g. "head"
is defined separately for flowering plants and for insects.  When the
word is linked from the guide, it links to the appropriate definition
for its taxon.

A glossary term may also be redefined with greater detail for a
lower-level taxon (vs. a more generic definition at a higher level).
E.g. "head" is defined more specificially for the "sunflower family"
than for "flowering plants in general".  In this case, the guide links
to the lowest-level definition that applies.  However, if there are
other definitions that apply at higher or lower levels of the
taxonomy, these are cross referenced at the end of the definition.

In many cases, Jepson eFlora also has a definition for a plant-related
term.  The Jepson eFlora definition is cross referenced at the end of
a BAWG definition where applicable.  You can also directly look up a
term in the Jepson eFlora glossary by typing the term in the search
bar followed by "Jepson eFlora glossary".


<h3>glossary table of contents</h3>

The top of each glossary includes a table of contents with links to
all other glossaries used in the BAWG.  This may be useful to you if
you just want to browse.
