Glossary files are named *.txt in the glossary directory.

Like the other txt files, a glossary file is standard HTML with some
extra syntax for easy programming.  As usual, the program creates a
standard header and footer for each page and includes the HTML text
between them.

In addition to the standard HTML, the following text cases are handled
specially.  Each case must be on a line by itself.

--
Meta-data:

title:[name] specifies the HTML title and <h1> header for the glossary
page.

taxon:[name] specifies the taxon for which the glossary is applied
(and all of that taxon's descendents).  If the taxon isn't specified,
the glossary is applied to all pages.  If the taxon is the special
string 'flowering plants', the glossary is applied to all pages that
aren't under one of the explicit top-level taxons.

When linking to a glossary term, the link is preferentially created to
the lowest-level glossary that applies, but all glossaries in the
taxonomic hierarchy are considered.

warn:[name] specifies a taxon for which a warning should be printed if
a term from this glossary is used.  The warning is also applied for
all descendents of the named taxon, but not for any taxon to which the
glossary is applied.  The warning is useful for discovering when a
term might need to be applied to a larger taxon group.  E.g. 'keel'
might be defined only for legumes, but we want to know if any other
page in the vascular plant hierarchy tries to use the term.

--
Term definitions:

{[anchor],[additional],[...]} [definition]

This declares a definition for an anchor term and any number of
additional terms.  The anchor term is the one that is displayed with
the definition, but all additional terms also create links to the
glossary when used.  Additional terms typically include plural or
adjective forms of the primary word.  A link is only created when the
term begins and ends at a word boundary.  E.g. text that includes the
word "malefactor" would link to the term "male".

Each term can be a single word or a phrase.  It can include
punctuation, but obviously not a comma.  The punctuation should also
be only interior to the term (e.g. "bell-shaped") so that it doesn't
confuse the search for word boundaries.

The anchor can also be followed by parenthesized terms which will then
appear next to it in the glossary.  In this case, spacing is important
since it is preserved in the HTML.  E.g.

{calyx (calyces), calyxes} The collective term for all sepals of a flower.

It's an abuse of HTML's dictionary capability, but word definitions
can be interleaved with other HTML features such as headings and
normal paragraph text.

--
Application of glossary links:

A term is linked from a taxon page when the term appears in a glossary
defined for that page's taxon or any higher level of hierarchy.  If
the same term appears in multiple glossaries in the hierarchy, the
link is preferentially created to the lowest level (closest) glossary.

Note that if a term is defined only for a taxon lower in the hierarchy
than the current page or to a sibling/cousin taxon's glossary, no link
is created.

A term is linked from a glossary page when the term appears in that
glossary or any glossary assigned to a higher-level taxon.  However, a
link is never created when a term is used within its own definition.
Instead, a set of links is appended to the end of a definition to link
to alternative definitions in other glossaries (regardless of relative
hierarchy).  Note that although a term can't link to its own
definition, a subset of that term can link to a different definition.
E.g. "1-pinnate" can't link to itself, but the "pinnate" portion can
link to the corresponding definition.  If that isn't wanted, use the
"none#" syntax described below.

The text of a taxon page or glossary page can also link to a term in a
specified glossary.  E.g. "conifer#cone" links the word "cone" to the
appropriate definition within the conifer glossary, regardless of its
relative hierarchy.  Note that the glossary name for this purpose is
the glossary title with " glossary" stripped off the end.

Similarly, a term can be prevented from linking to a glossary, such as
when using the traditional English meaning rather than the botanical
meaning.  E.g. "none#includes".

If multiple matches are possible (e.g. "bell-shaped" or just "bell"),
the longest match is made, even the shorter match is to a "closer"
glossary in the hierarchy.
