Pages are created for all txt files, as described in txt.txt.  Pages
are also created for all flowers that have photos in the photos
directory, as described in photos.txt.

Among other information, txt files can also specify one or more
children of the page.  A typical hierarchy has a family page with
genus children, where each genus has species children (and possibly
down to subspecies/varieties).  However more or fewer levels of
hierarchy can be specified as desired, including groupings that don't
correspond to scientific taxons.

If there is more than one bay-area species in a particular genus, a
page for the genus should be created.  Typically the genus page should
describe how to distinguish the local genus members, although this may
not be necessary if the differences are obvious.  The program will
print a warning if the genus page is missing, or if any described
species are missing from a genus page.

Since the genus page should list all necessary distinguishing features
of its species, little extra information is needed for the species
page.  In many cases, all information can be included directly on the
genus page so that a separate txt file is not needed for the species.

The result is a number of (mostly) independent trees of pages.
("Trees" as in a data hierarchy, not as in a kind of plant.)  Some
trees may share a portion of hierarchy (e.g. when some trees don't use
the strict scientific hierarchy).

There are a few designated top-level trees (e.g. ferns) in which the
entire hierarchy is explicit.  The remaining top-level trees are
assumed to be flowering plants (trees of flowers), for which some
hierarchy is auto-generated, as described below.

If the root of a tree of flowers is below the family level and the
family is known, the program automatically creates a page for the
family that links to all appropriate subtrees.  Pages within each
family are ordered by number of observations (among all pages in that
tree), from most to least.

The page with "All flowers" lists all top-level trees of flowers
(typically families, whether manually or automatically generated),
ordered again by observation counts.  The hierarchy within each tree
is also listed in the order in which the children are listed on each
page.
