Properties can be declared on a page which apply to that page and/or
to specified taxonomic ranks under that page in the Linnaean
hierarchy.

For example, if a page 'flowering plants:subphylum Angiospermae' has
the property 'create: family', then a page is created for every known
flower family for which there are lower-ranked flower pagse.  In
addition (if there no other pages or properties to complicate things),
the top of each related set of flower pages is linked as a child of
the corresponding new family page, and these family pages are linked
as children of 'flowering plants', creating a completely linked
hierarchy of pages for all flowering plants.

Properties provide a convenient way to add extra information to the
guide.  A number of properties also provide error checks to ensure
that the guide is as complete as desired.


Linnaean hierarchy:

The page hierarchy can generably be built in a rather freeform fasion,
but properties rely on the Linnaean hierarchy.  The Linnaean hierarchy
is derived from these sources:

- A ranked page has a ranked child.  A ranked page has a scientific
  name with an explicit or implicit Linnaean taxonomic rank
  (e.g. 'family Iridaceae' or 'Iris fernaldii').

- A ranked page declares a Linnaean ancestor with '<rank>: <name>'.

- A subspecies page (one with a scientific name that has 3 or more
  words) implies a Linnaean parent species.  E.g. Tiarella trifoliata
  var. unifoliata has an implied parent of Tiarella trifoliata.

- A species page (one with a scientific name that is an uppercase word
  followed by a lowercase word) implies a genus.  E.g. Tiarella
  trifoliata has an implied parent of Tiarella spp.

- Observations exported from iNaturalist can include the scientific
  name of (almost) every Linnaean group that the observed taxon is
  part of.

The script composes the Linnaean ancestry information into
more-or-less complete Linnaean trees.  E.g. if we know that
- Hypochaeris radicata is a member of Hypochaeris spp., and
- Hypochaeris glabra is a member of Hypochaeris spp., and
- Hypochaeris glabra is a member of tribe Cichorieae
then we also know that
- Hypochaeris spp. is a member of tribe Cichorieae, and
- Hypochaeris radicata is a member of tribe Cichorieae.

Pages are not necessarily created for every taxon in the Linnaean
taxonomy, nor are links necessarily created between pages in related
Linnaean taxons.  However, pages and links can be created
automatically where desired using the properties described below.


Ranks:

The taxonomic ranks are named as usual, e.g. kingdom, phylum,
subphylum, ... subtribe, genus, and species.  Ranks between genus and
species are not supported (e.g. subgenus, complex).  Ranks below
species use the catch-all name of 'below'.

A property can be applied to the page in which it is declared and/or
to specified taxonomic ranks under that page in the Linnaean
hierarchy.

The ranks to which a property applies can be a range
(e.g. family-species) or a list (e.g. family, genus), or a combination
(e.g. superfamily-subfamily, genus).  I always order a range and/or
list with the highest taxon first, but the script accepts any order.

A range can include a slash '/' before and/or after the dash in order
to exclude the corresponding end of the range.  E.g. self-/genus is a
range from the current page down to (but not including) the genus
level.

Rank 'self' applies the property to the page itself, and it is the
only way to apply a property to a page without a Linnaean rank.  This
is the only way to apply properties to an unranked page.  If an
unranked page declares non-self properties, those properties are
applied to any Linnaean hierarchies that are real descendants of the
page.

Rank 'self' can be used as the upper end of a range of taxons, even
from an unranked page.

If the same property is declared at multiple levels of a Linnaean
hierarchy, the declaration at the lower rank takes precedence for its
hierarchy.  E.g. a property can be declared to apply to certain ranks
within 'flowering plants', while it is declared to apply to a
different set of ranks within 'sunflower family'.  To support this
process, a property declared with rank 'none' is applied to none of
its Linnaean descendants.


Page and link terminology:

A real page is one for which HTML is generated.  It can be created via
any of the following means:
- a txt file describes it
- a txt file declares it as a child
- a jpg references it
- a 'create' property (below) generates it from a shadow page (below)

A shadow page is a page that is known from the Linnaean hierarchy, but
which is not real.  A shadow page may be promoted to a real page by a
'create' property, or it may simply be a conduit for properties.

A link is a parent/child relationship, either real or Linnaean.  A
real link is always between two real paes.  A Linnaean link may have
either a real or shadow page as the parent and either a real or shadow
page as the child.


Properties to create pages, link pages, or verify that pages and links exist:

'create' promotes a shadow page to real, provided that it has at least
one Linnaean descendent.  When the page is promoted, a real link is
created to the top of each descendant Linnaean hierarchy.

'link' creates a real link from a real page to the top of each
descendant Linnaean hierarchy.  I.e. this is the same as 'create', but
requires that the originating page already be real.

'create' and 'link' are applied from the bottom to the top of the
Linnaean hierarchy, so a chain of links can be created among promoted
pages, potentially culminating at a top real page (e.g. where the
properties were declared).

'flag_one_child' prints an error message if a real page has exactly
one real child.  I.e. it flags an extra layer of real hierarchy that
may be unwanted.


Properties to reference higher ancestors in the HTML:

'member_link' causes every real Linnaean descendant to list itself as
a 'member of' the real page to which the property applies.  I.e. if
'member_link' is applied to the 'family' rank, every page links up to
the family page that it is a member of.

'member_name' causes every real Linnaean descendent to list itself as
a 'member of' the shadow Linnaean taxon to which the property applies.
I.e. it is like 'member_link', but names the ancestor page without a
link since there is no associated real ancestor page.


Properties to count observations and to ensure that observations are counted:

By default, only local (bay area) non-casual observations can be
counted, and only if the observation exactly matches a real page.
However, additional observations can be counted by using the following
properties.

If an observation's taxon matches a shadow page, the script scans up
the Linnaean hierarchy to find the first real ancestor page.  The
properties of that page are checked to see if the observation is
allowed at its promoted rank.

If any shadow page in the taxon promotion chain has a '-' comment in
'ignore species.yaml', the observation is discarded, regardless of
properties.

If any shadow page in the taxon promotion chain has a '+' comment in
'ignore species.yaml', the observation is treated as if it were
originally made at the leve just above the ignored taxon.  I.e. the
promotion is treated as if it didn't happen.

'allow_obs_promotion' allows an observation to be counted at its
promoted rank.

'allow_casual_obs' allows a casual observation to be counted.
Otherwise, only a 'research grade' or 'needs id' observation is
counted.

'allow_outside_obs' allows an observation outside the bay area to be
counted.  This allows bay-area taxons (e.g. species with real pages)
to be counted as observed even if found outside the area.

'allow_outside_obs_promotion' allows an observation outside the bay
area to be counted even if it has been promoted.  This requires
'allow_obs_promotion' to also be applied at the promoted rank.

The following properties print an error message for certain matching
observations.  These are intended to identify taxons that need pages;
i.e. because the taxon's matching page is not real, it gets promoted
to a real taxon which then flags it as a bad promotion.  Since only
local taxons need pages, these flags never apply to observations
outside the bay area.  They apply to casual observations only if the
observation would be allowed by 'allow_casual_obs'.  On the other
hand, these flag properties apply regardless of the
'allow_obs_promotion' property.

'flag_obs_promotion' flags any observation that gets promoted to the
taxon with the applied property.  This is a very strict error check
that potentially requires a real page for every taxonomic rank at
which an observation may be made.

'flag_obs_promotion_above_peers' flags an observation that gets
promoted, but only if observation's original taxon has no real pages
below it in the Linnaean hierarchy.  E.g. an observation may be made
at the tribe level because it matches an unknown one of the real genus
pages below it, and this would be allowed.  However, if no genera (or
species, etc.) within the tribe have real pages in the guide, then
this is flagged as an error.

'flag_obs_promotion_without_x' only makes sense when applied at the
genus and/or species level.  It flags an observation if it is promoted
to the genus level and the genus's completeness is not marked with 'x:
<value>', where value is 'hist', 'rare', 'hist/rare', or 'more'.  It
also flags an observation if it is promoted to the species level and
the species's completeness is not marked with 'xx: <value>' for the
same values or 'uncat'.  I.e. the promotion is allowed only if the
promoted taxon has been explictly marked as incomplete, and not if the
promoted taxon is marked as complete or is not marked either way.

Note that 'flag_obs_promotion_without_x' can't catch an error if the
genus/species page is not real.  E.g. if a genus has only one species
and so the guide doesn't bother to include a page for the genus
itself, an observation promoted to the genus level won't flag an error
via this property.  However, 'flag_obs_promotion_above_peers' can
catch this case.


Properties to add names from iNaturalist to pages, or verify that
names match:

These properties only apply to pages created by the user.  Pages
created by iNaturalist observations (initially as shadow pages) are
always allowed to use iNaturalist-provided names.

'obs_fill_com' fills an unknown common name with a name from
iNaturalist.

'obs_fill_alt_com' fills an alternative common name (one that is
different from the user-supplied common name) with a name from
iNaturalist.

'obs_fill_sci' fills a scientific name or improves the elaboration of
a scientific name with a name from iNaturalist.

The following flags apply only to real pages created by the user.
They don't apply if a shadow page is created by a group declaration,
and the page is never promoted to real.

'flag_obs_fill_com'
'flag_obs_fill_alt_com'
'flag_obs_fill_sci'


Properties to describe whether all members of a taxon are present:

'complete [txt]' indicates the completeness of the guide info for the
specified taxon ranks.  While most properties are either applied or
not applied to pages, this property specifically applies the [txt]
value to the specified pages.  The [txt] value is as per the x: and
xx: flags documented in txt.txt.


Properties to ensure that page info is complete:

'obs_requires_photo' flags an observation if the page to which it is
applied (possibly after promotion) does not have a photo.  The photo
can be explicitly on that page or be incorporated by reference from a
child page.  I.e. this property expects that if a taxon was observed,
it should also have been photographed.

'color_requires_photo' flags a page if it is assigned a color but does
not have a photo.

'photo_requires_color' flags a page if it is has a photo but has no
assigned or propagated color.


Properties to link to external sites:

'link_calflora' creates a link to the corresponding taxon in CalFlora
from any page to which it is applied.  CalFlora supports this type of
link at the family level or at the genus level and below.

'link_calphotos' creates a link to the corresponding taxon in
CalPhotos from any page to which it is applied.  CalPhotos supports
this type of link at the genus level and below.

'link_jepson' creates a link to the corresponding taxon in Jepson from
any page to which it is applied.  Jepson supports this type of link at
the family level or at the genus level and below.

'link_birds' creates a link to the corresponding taxon in
AllAboutBirds from any page to which it is applied.  AllAboutBirds is
indexed by common name, so the scientific name doesn't matter for this
application, and only taxons with a common name (i.e. at the species
level) can link to AllAboutBirds.

'link_bayarea_calflora' creates a link from any page to which it is
applied to a CalFlora map of bay area species within the corresponding
genus (or higher-level taxon).  CalFlora supports this type of link at
the family level or at the genus level and below.

'link_bayarea_inaturalist' creates a link from any page to which it is
applied to an iNaturalist list of bay area species within the
corresponding genus (or higher-level taxon).  iNaturalist supports
this type of link at any taxonomic level.
